PR for Dev review (#68)
nathanaelhoun/mattermost-plugin-circleci: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Changes

<!-- List all the changes made to the code. Add unticked items if some work has to be done -->

- [x] Item done
- [ ] Update README.md

## Changelog

> <!-- If applicable, put here the changelog information with the category (New Features, Enhancements, Bug Fixes and Others) -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- If applicable, include changelog information and the relevant category (e.g., New features, Enhancements, Bug fixes and other) -->
```

```
## New features
- /

## Enhancements
- /

> ## Bug Fixes and Others

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Bug fixes and other
```
